docs: many improvements (#1083)
anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer: .docs/content/docs/faq/index.md

Issue of this problem: [#568](https://github.com/anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer/issues/568)

## PhysBones / Contact Receivers that are used in the OSC-based gimmick are not working {#physbones-contact-receivers-that-are-used-in-the-osc-based-gimmick-are-not-working}

The `AAO Trace and Optimie` component is designed to not change the behavior of the avatar carefully.

> However, for technical reasons, the `AAO Trace and Optimize` component cannot detect some PhysBone / Contact Receiver components are used in the OSC-based gimmick or not being used.

Author: OSCに使われてるか、一切使われてないかという二択なので単なるor notとは違う気がする

> However, for technical reasons, the `AAO Trace and Optimize` component cannot detect some PhysBone / Contact Receiver components are used in the OSC-based gimmick or not being used.

Author: でも判断できるのはOSDで使われてるかどうかだからいいか。

Some modern avatars have their own gimmicks based on PhysBone / Contact Receiver components, so those components will be forgotten to remove in most cases.

> Therefore, `AAO Trace and Optimize` will assume that such components are not for OSC-based gimmick and remove them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, `AAO Trace and Optimize` will assume that such components are not for OSC-based gimmick, and remove them if they are not used for other ways.
```
ちょっとはっきりさせてみる?

> However, this is not always the case, so if you are using PhysBone / Contact Receiver components for the OSC-based gimmick,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this assumption is not always the case, so if you are using PhysBone / Contact Receiver components for the OSC-based gimmick without Animator or Expressions,
```
```suggestion
Of course, this assumption is not always the case, so if you are using PhysBone / Contact Receiver components for the OSC-based gimmick without Animator or Expressions,
```
試しに変えてみた

> please configure your avatar to detect them as used in the avatar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please configure your avatar to detect them as used in the avatar.\
```

`AAO Trace and Optimize` will not remove them if they are used in the Animator in the avatar.
So, by adding parameters used in the OSC-based gimmick to the parameter list of Animator Controller or Expression Parameters,
such components will not be removed.

In addition, for future discussion, if your OSC-based gimmick is removed by Trace and Optimize,
could you let us know the name of parameter used in the OSC-based gimmicks?

> I may implement list of parameters likely to be used by OSC and Avatar Optimizer may keep components for those parameters or other ways to prevent removing them in the future.

Author: doなくて良くない？implementの目的句なので

> I may implement list of parameters likely to be used by OSC and Avatar Optimizer may keep components for those parameters or other ways to prevent removing them in the future.

Reviewer: mayに掛かってるのかと思いました
implementに掛かってるのか…

> I may implement list of parameters likely to be used by OSC and Avatar Optimizer may keep components for those parameters or other ways to prevent removing them in the future.

Author: ```suggestion
I may implement list of parameters likely to be used by OSC and keeping components for those parameters, or other ways to prevent removing them in the future.
```

品詞を色々揃えた。

> I may implement list of parameters likely to be used by OSC and Avatar Optimizer may keep components for those parameters or other ways to prevent removing them in the future.

Reviewer: 👌

Please feel free to contact on the GitHub issue below, [Fediverse (Misskey / Mastodon)][Fediverse] or [Twitter].

Issue of this problem: [#1090](https://github.com/anatawa12/AvatarOptimizer/issues/1090)

## I cannot upload the avatar because of pre-build hard limit check {#i-cannot-upload-the-avatar-because-of-pre-build-hard-limit-check}

Avatar Optimizer and some other non-destructive avatar modification tools may make your avatar not exceed the hard limit of VRChat.
However, the upload button on the VRCSDK Control Panel will be disabled if the hard limit is exceeded with on-scene Avatar.

> But, if your avatar does not exceed the hard limit after build, you can upload the avatar with some other ways.

Author: これはpre buildを省略できるだけでビルド後のチェックはあるよっていう話なんだけど表現悪いかな

> 日本語にない

ミス

> But, if your avatar does not exceed the hard limit after build, you can upload the avatar with some other ways.

Reviewer: この辺り、全体的に同じ内容が2回出てきてそうなので、ちょっと整理した方が良いのかも…?

> But, if your avatar does not exceed the hard limit after build, you can upload the avatar with some other ways.

Author: ```suggestion
Even so, if your avatar does exceed the hard limit after build, you cannot upload the avatar with the following ways.
```

> But, if your avatar does not exceed the hard limit after build, you can upload the avatar with some other ways.

Author: よく見たらpost build checkの話すでにあるね。ごめんなさい

これ見直したら

ビルド前でハードリミットに引っかかっても他の方法でアップロードする方法はあるよ
その方法は以下の通りだよ

という話の流れなので冗長なだけかも？
